amlaykum. How are you guys doing? I'm
joined with a fantastic guest, a man who
needs no introduction, a
man who has excelled both in the
athletic field as an MMA specialist, but
also in the business field now with a
mini empire in his name in Dubai. A man
who's connected to all of the major
fighters and celebrities. A man that
brings people together. Tam Khan Sallay,
brother. How you doing? Good. And I have
to say, bro, before anything is said,
your hospitality has been fantastic,
bro. And I really want to thank you on
the camera um for how you've actually
hosted me. Inshallah, people will know
this because I think it is to do with
the Pashtu background or something like
that or Islam in general. I think,
alhamdulillah, our uh religion teaches
us this way. And it's a brotherhood.
We've known each other a long time but
never really met. So I think it's just
uh when you see someone it's just like
it's it's brotherhood, isn't it? So a
lot of people do what we can do. To be
honest, a lot of people just they don't
have the adab of that. They don't know
how to do that. Like for example, you
know, I'm not saying not putting anyone
under the bus, but some people just like
you you've got a guest coming from
abroad and they'll just treat them shunn
them or something, but the fact that you
really took your time and every little
detail and stuff like that, honestly,
it's it's a beautiful thing. Um, but
having said that, uh, you've had lots of
different fighters now, I think, cuz
I've just obviously experimented with
with I have to say M landed literally
walked in the MMA room. Our MMA room is
like a dungeon. We've got guys from
Dagasan, Czech, you know, everywhere
around the world and just went to
sparring with the biggest guy in there.
We call him the Hulk. Stay tuned. You'll
see him soon fighting in PFL. And
Muhammad's a big guy, mah. I stood next
to him. He's like 66 67. 67, sorry. 67.
Yeah. 120. This guy, his hand is bigger
than my head and I've got a big cranium.
Yeah. Um, you have to see this. Bro,
this guy is
unbelieving him on the first day. Go
warm up. So, uh, it's good. This is the
best way to learn sport. His you were
saying he was like an arm wrestling
champion. Arm wrestling champion. He's
trained. He He beat Larry Wills who's
one of the strongest men in
bodybuilding. He's fought MMA. He's a
He's a freak of nature. He's like a
genetical freak. He's our Francis
Angano. Yeah. And I honestly believe
with the right coaching and the right
guidance and if he's got the will and he
stays healthy in he well he could yeah
you can train all your life but that guy
it's like a it's a genetic thing bro to
be honest. It's like a it's a engine.
It's like a super engine but you just
need to learn how to drive a car. That's
what it is. I'll be honest, there's a
few people where I've just like stood in
front of them in the sparring
environment where they they're grabbing
you and thinking what the hell is going
on here bro? This is I mean Kamat was
one of them. you you were mentioning as
well his strength when he grabs Yeah.
comes out my child. He's out of this
world. But this Hulk is also Yeah. I I
don't know where they're born or the
genetics, but honestly, when I see him,
I feel like a child. I'm just glad I'm
married and my wife didn't meet him, but
I'm just joking. He's your worst
nightmare. No, I reckon he's probably
going to be a very cause big cause for
concern in the PFL. He's a big giant and
he's a nice lovely guy. Very nice guy.
Like I say, if he connects with anyone,
we've seen it in some of his fights.
He's hit guys. They've done 360s and he
every time I introduce him to someone, I
say, "Look at his hands." People think,
"Yeah, his hands are actually out of
this world, bro. His hands are huge."
I've never seen a hands like that, bro.
Yeah. It's kind of It's like all the
jeans are there. Things I train my whole
life. I couldn't be like that. So, this
guy has all the tools. Now, it's just a
matter of uh this and this. Mhm. Mhm. I
mean you you've had few fighters coming
out from here now become world champions
become like very high at the level. Tell
us some of the fighters that have come
out of the gym here. We have had many.
We've had we've got guys in the PFL.
We've got the first ever Amirati Madaki
fighting in the UFC.
Bellator uh Bama uh in UK cage warriors.
We've got uh one guy by the time this is
out he's just been in the Ultimate
Fighter house. He's got selected to be
in the UFC. M so alhamdulillah it's good
guys and obviously himself bro camps
here he trains here a lot this is his
home and inshallah with Allah's guidance
and help and as long as he's injuryfree
I think will be a threeweight champion I
think the guy's that talented yeah he's
he's got the genetics he could go down
one wave middleweight light heavyweight
and collect all three belts and I cannot
see anyone on their day it's all in
Allah's will what can happen on the day
but if he's in good health in his zone.
Yeah. Technique for technique. I can't
see anyone beat him. So, let's let's do
some hypotheticals then. So, let's say
him versus Pereira. What do you reckon
is going to happen? I think that's an
easy fight for him and I respect
Pereira. He's a beast. He's great for
the sport. Cuz you've seen people
sparring this gym. You've seen Hams up.
If you can't wrestle, do not even turn
up with Hamza. And uh even if you can
wrestle, you saw what he did with
Whitaker. You've seen the way he does it
with world class athletes. Robert
Whitaker is an amazing fighter. He's a
great all round athlete. I think you'd
need someone someone like a heavyweight
to to deal with his wrestling. And he's
a big guy. He's tall. He's long. You've
seen him. He's his genetic makeup is
also great for what he does. He's not so
muscular. He's long, but he has this
power. I think it's from that Kovkus
region. Yeah. The cuff cast they call it
Chchna Dagasan. It's like you said, the
grip strength as well. It's the
smoothness of transitions in the
wrestling. Unbelievable. And just
relentless on on. You saw the class. You
did it. And you trained around the
world. when you're training great gyms
UK. It's just a different kind of bre
you your oxygen your heart rate is
going. It's up down up down. Yeah. Cuz
the cars here what I realiz is that like
when they did the wrestling they were it
was so relentless like they were not do
you know usually you'd have like 3
minutes on and then like a minute off or
something or even 30 seconds off here or
5 minutes on 30 seconds they would just
go and there was almost no break in
between. But that gets you used to like
a fight situation and that's what they
say about Khabib Islam. These kind of
guys, they take your soul when they
fight. Meaning they just your morale
goes cuz you're thinking this guy's not
getting off me and he's going. Remember
the McGregor famous fight with Khabib?
He was just on him on him to the point
where you want a way out. Yeah. And they
break you like that. It's demoralizing,
isn't it? Yeah. They've got that they've
got that skill. They've got that amazing
Russian wrestling from the Kauos region,
the great like the coach. What's his
name here? The one that Azama. And he's
actually a student of Abdul Manab, the
great Abd Khabib's father. So you've got
him here full-time. Brought him here
full-time coach. Highly recommended by
the greatest fighters in the world. And
he comes from that discipline. Like when
I see Khabib's mentality, how
disciplined and respectful they if
you're one minute late, yeah, you're in
trouble. It's a respect. And I think a
coach should have that respect and aura
where you see the new generation of UFC
and social media. People come into the
gym with sunglasses on. They have one
fight on Instagram. They're walking like
they're Mike Tyson with a bit of
Mayweather McGregor. There's nothing
like that with these Dagasan. I used to
see Khabib the way he does it on his
videos how he's strict with everyone.
And I said that's the kind of guy you
need here because there's an old saying
silk sheets. You can't get up in the
morning to run if you sleep. And Dubai
is like that lifestyle. People get lazy,
complacent. So you see tend to see in
history of all boxing and MMA, it's
usually people from poverty from the
streets. Yeah. that do very well who do
it very well cuz it's a hunger. But when
you got guys living in Dubai, nicer
skyrise apartments, high-rise, sorry,
the malls deliver they tend to get
complacent. This he's going to bring
that aspect of listen you better
and he's a lovely guy on great Muslim
character
highly recommended by people like Islam
and everyone. So it's honor to have him
here and I like to learn. We're always
learning. I like to watch and see his
way of doing. He's still new so he's
letting them off a bit but uh yeah. So
you were saying about Hamzad versus
Pereira. So let's let's assume that this
fight happens. What I know this is not
on the cards, but let's assume something
like that happens. What would you reckon
would happen in the fight? People are
going to gun me if this clip goes out
and hate me. Pereira is a legend and
he's one of the great seven and he's
what he's done in the sport in such a
quick time. Superb. But everyone's got
their kryptonite. I honestly believe
Hamza would make it easy in the first
round. Really, I believe he would do.
Perez stands very tall when he strikes.
He's a high looking guy. It's glory kind
of guy. He's perfect for the double and
he's such a heavy hit. He can sleep
anyone. But for him to be confident to
throw it at he has to
it's going to be hard for him to do that
cuz he knows that takedown's coming.
Someone could argue though that he he
had some pretty good takedown defense
against an
Yeah. But Ank stood with him as well.
Ank's whole strategy where that was
clinching. Yeah. It was. And Ank is more
of a kickboxer. Yeah. Ank stands he's
more like that [__] Ushu style. He will
kick with you and Uncle rocked Pere. He
didn't really go to deep low takedowns
or ankle picks. Hamza if he gets
anything of your limb your toe your you
are down and you're not getting up. All
right. So what about Hamzad versus
Duplexi?
I think Duplexi is the hardest fight out
there because he's a very strong
grappler and his condition and he's big
as well. He's very big and strong but I
think they're all superb. I respect all
but Hamza he's like Kabir. These guys
come once in a blue moon that they bring
this kind of raw talent. And don't
forget it's like remember Mike Tyson in
the 80s. He'd walk in the ring and the
other opponent's face would be just not
a fear but it's it's the aura. Oh, I'm
fighting Mike Tyson. When it comes out
comes the aura. The way he looks, the
way he his presence is. You can see a
lot of opponents before when they're in
the ring and that stare down comes takes
his soul. For me, Usman is one of the
greatest ever
wrestling level. I think he's superb. I
watched them live and I see anyone
dominate us but Hamza. No one has. Okay,
Leon beat him. My lovely was my brother,
but people could say it was a head kick
and that could have knocked anyone out.
But no one's ever made Usman look bad to
this day and I think Usman's one of he's
probably for me the greatest
worldws hate online and the way Hamza
was controlling him and Usman is strong
a very strong unit punching and that was
like a lastm minute kind of change as
well. M the game plan went out. It was
for Costa first. Usman changed last
minute. So Kamza had to adapt to a
really good wrestler. Mhm. But he's
phenomenal, bro. It's that wrestling
from the Dagistan, Kafka, Chetcha
Mountains, the site of this kind of
school of hard knocks, you know. Yeah.
So what would happen with him and DIY
then if I think it's going to be I think
Kamat's going to come out strong.
Depecting it. Del Pi is going to be
working a lot on his back.
You can be a black belt. When these cuff
cast wrestlers come on you, it go
straight to white belt. It goes out the
window. I think uh Hamza will dominate
and I think it'll be third end of the
second or in the third round submitting.
Yeah. Yeah. I think once he gets you,
even it's around the jaw you're tapping
his grip strength. Yeah. Yeah. That's
right. I honestly believe that it'll be
a tough one. But I think he's like you
said, he's a very tough fight. Whitaker,
he's very good. He's superb and he's
also got mental strength. He's very
resilient. took him down a few times
quite easily. Oh yeah, that's a good
point. When I saw that, I thought you're
not getting up. Yeah. Yeah, that's
right. But
anything anything can happen. We've seen
great fighters lose their legends. It's
whatever Allah wills in the day. True.
They can go healthy. Whatever is meant
to be will be. But like I said, if it's
on paper by technique and strategy and
what I've seen and what I've noticed,
I've got friends who train with Duples
and they go, he's a strong freak of
nature, relentless. But I just see holes
in his game. I Hamza can also knock him
out. Hamza has a lot of good hand power.
He can punch and he's very good, but he
just doesn't need to use it sometimes.
Mhm. He's got good hands. And I saw
recently beloved Muhammad and him had
like a bit of a thing. I I mean, I don't
like to see that to be honest. I don't
like to see it. I love Baham Muhammad. I
love uh his stance with the Palestinian
cause. I love the way he stands up and
honestly the way he beat Leon and the
way he's dominated people don't give him
the respect he deserves. And I don't
want to even discuss that cuz they're
both Muslims and I just don't want to
see it. I wouldn't want to see it. For
me, I wouldn't want to see it. rather in
a bad way lost the title and comes out
fought someone then those two fight.
Yeah. Yeah. I think it's just I think
it's good for socials and fun but uh two
good brothers and it's great to see
alhamdulillah you've got comes out soon
to be champ inshallah you've got Islam
you've got
bel it shows the progression for Muslims
get into sport and it's great to see and
uh they're great role models and good
characters too you know so they they're
not shy to show Islam and dean to a
public audience at the same time have
the respect of a sports and martial arts
it's a great example for the all races
and religions to see you know I think
yeah and It's a great outlet for young
people as well, man. It's like a it's
there's too much distraction, there's
too much addiction, there's too much
things going on. If you don't have,
especially as a young man with filled
with testosterone or something, like a
proper outlet, bro, this is it's it's a
disaster. We spoke. I think it humbles
you. Um I said a lot of fighters are
humble because we've all had our ass
kicked once or twice, whether it's
publicly or in the gym, and that humbles
you as a man. And I think this new
generation, it's very hard social media.
It's different to when I was younger,
women on access, men, stupid things.
Everyone wants to be rich overnight,
dodgy scams. This will h it will give
you along with Islam, it gives you
discipline. Yeah. How to be a man, how
to behave and how to be respectful. You
see on those mats you go on, there's 20
30 guys killers, everyone shaking hands,
saying salam, head like kind of
respectful martial arts bound to
everyone. the frustrating but you know
they're respect and I think it's good
for I recommend everyone who has a son
to put them in some for self-defense or
not even to fight just to get that
discipline which you don't really get in
schools anymore. Do you do that with
your kids? Like I've got two girls and
I've tried my hardest to make them to
tomboy and uh they liked it but they
didn't like it. What did what did you
put them in? Jiu-jitsu. I wanted them to
go into jiu-jitsu because this
self-defense. I tried. They were a bit
scared of the coach, but they were
naturals. But again, with parenting, you
know how it is. You can't force
anything. You have to be an example.
Whether it's Islam, education, so
whatever they enjoy, I'll try. But as
long as I'm an example, then whatever
they go into, um, I told them just don't
get married, live with me forever. So,
you don't need it. Yeah. No, no, it's
true. Jiu-jitsu is a good one as well.
Right. I think you know it's it's one of
those things where it's it's become so
proliferated anywhere you live now
there's if you're living in the west
there's going to be some club next to
you or something and it's so available
and accessible that you don't want to
have the disadvantage of not what's the
point of being a man and have that
disadvantage you know walk around that
some other guy has an advantage over you
I don't even like that you might not
even get to fight you could you can
avoid a fight very easily unless you
have to like unless you're getting
jagged it's the ego in all of us someone
looked at me that
why I'm guilty guilty of this myself,
but the more I older I get, the more I
read stories of the prophets and think,
who am I? Some why have I got an ego
when someone bibs me in the car? Who am
I? Yeah. Yeah. Like I got I have these
issues. I had a big anger problem. I was
younger temper. Oh yeah, I can do that.
I'm nothing. So if you do it, do it for
discipline. Martial to keep fit. And I
think it's a very good tool to have. But
also if you don't, you don't need to. Um
it's just I believe in society now it's
very important because of the way it's
going and it's just good to know but um
I also don't like the angle of people
saying we have to do it would you be
able to defend your wife if you can't
fight no why does he have to not
everything's a street fight you know
this guy might be a great accountant
like he could he'll make me feel like a
dumbo so what does it mean I'm a bit
bigger than him but does it you know so
I think we're sometimes a bit harsh how
we push this narrative I'm the one say
high value but look Some people don't
want to do it. It's not their thing.
They want to play paddle. Let them play
paddle. As long as we're fit and
healthy, you know, I think that's a
balanced approach to each their own. I
used to be like that, but I think
sometimes like my dad's not like that at
all. Yeah. It's my mom who was a tough
one. Put me in things. My dad's total
opposite. And the to the future if
there's some kind of a war, it's not
going to be the one who can throw the
best jab is going the one who takes the
best shot. Technology and arms. Yeah.
Exactly. You see how these uh western
powers who just bombard countries
sitting on computers, they haven't got
the guts to if they go there, they lose.
It's just it's all technology now. Drone
warfare and all that kind of stuff. Um
and let me give you another hypothetical
and then we'll talk a little bit about
that stuff. Um Islam, you've met him
obviously. You're friends with him.
Would you say we've got mutual friends,
but I respect him a lot. What would you
say him versus? Now, now let's talk
about him versus Ilia. What would you
say? I don't think I can't see anyone
beating Islam with that division. I
think uh people talk about he's superb.
He's very strong and his striking is
getting better by every fight. I poor is
very good but Islam I think it's just
the size and the levels the way
he got rid of Vulcanovski the head kick.
Every time I see him he evolves. He's
gone through hard fights. He's had wars,
submissions with a porier fight back and
forth and pulls it out of the bag and
from people around in circles and who I
speak to, they said another freak of
nature, you know. So, uh, great fight,
but I just think Islam's that point
where how would he how would he beat him
if he if he does like I think he'll
uh it'll be a lot of clinch against the
fence and I think he'll let Muslim just
control him. It could be
a dominant performance. I think a
unanimous decision. I think Tapori is
he's he's a wrestler as well. People
don't realize is a wrestler who can
punch. But I think Islam submissions and
his whole round game and his size and
power will just be overwhelming. Great
fight. Tapori is world class. He's a
younger he's a new up and cominging
beast. But I think Islam and the the
strategy that will come with him and
Kabib, I just think he's at that point.
It's like when Canelo fought Mayweather
back in the day too too soon. You can't
fight a guy that level. They're always a
bit too sharp. I think it'll be
reminiscent of that but in an a lot of
people are saying that he's trying to
run away from it and that no no you can
see I understand Islam totally he's
dominating he's beating everyone why you
he's thinking why do you deserve that I
I want to move up but then there's Bilal
so Islam's stuck in a situation where
well why can't he get that but I think
Islam's waiting for Bal's fight this
weekend and in Bal wins but I think
Islam wants him to lose so he can go and
get that belt it's a funny world cuz he
doesn't want to fight Bal cuz their
brothers and teammates kind of trained
together. So, I mean, it's a sport at
the end of the day and it's not war. So,
I don't see why they can't compete
against each other as long as there's
respect. It's like sparring but on TV.
So, why not? I was going to ask um about
your relationship with Andrew Tate.
Yeah. Because now that's that's a big
thing. And we've seen a picture of you
and him in the masid together. Um there
have been different approaches towards
Andrew Tate in the Muslim community.
Some people have been very very harsh to
him. Some people have been very
concessionary towards him.
Um so what's your relationship like with
him and what's your assessment of what's
going on in terms of people's reaction
towards him? I actually known him 20
something years. He his first fight was
on my show in um South on Essics
Ultimate One. So you had a show and
stuff. Yeah, we used to have a show with
my coach and uh I know his coach Amir.
So that was his gym Storm. He'd bring
Andrew was a young quite kid. Uh I think
16 17 I was older and um he's he's
younger than you. Yeah, it's like six
years. six or seven years and uh I
remember from those days we always kept
in touch he come to visit Dubai we'd
stay in touch a lot so it wasn't what I
came for people know the history and
then he came to Islam and when he was
here it's like when I moved here I've
been here in 17 years in July everyone
who's UK oh tell me I'm coming it was
like I'm the go-to guy it's like the
tourist guy so it was like that and then
uh he got banned from all social media I
remember 2022 I think when he came here
I said look let's come over here. Let's
do a
um a talk. Let's get you back and let's
do a talk. He goes, "Yeah, cool. We're
arranging that. Feminists went crazy." I
thought I'm not going to go ahead with a
show cuz I don't want Dubai to get a bad
rap. They'll be say misogynist Muslims
letting you know West me to do. I said
let's let's stall it and that time um we
were talking a lot and I remember I'll
repeat the story again. I was sitting in
this cigar room with Steven
Seigal, Andrew and a few others. Ste,
don't get me started. Yeah, exactly.
Steven, and the conversations go to
Islam and I was I remember I was making
a point saying you could give a delivery
driver a Talibat driver a guy who's work
making £100 a month here working his ass
off $2 million cash and say on this
phone now I'm going to record you
denouncing Islam and the prophet
Muhammad. They will never do it. They
will never do it even for that money.
This conversation came up Steve was
asking why and I said because you cannot
budge us. It's our love for the prophet
peace be upon him Islam. We don't budge
for money. We know what's the truth.
That's why whatever site we go, we get
up and pray. We don't feel ashamed. And
Andrew was like, "Yeah, that's good."
And I said to Andrew that point, "I'd
like to teach you a masid to pray one
day." Just I want to away from camera.
So like away from this fake world to
prostrate, put your head down on the
ground. Yeah. And thank someone like it
humbles you as a man. It's it's the kind
of action. He goes, "Gee, I want to
revert anyway. Forget that. I want to
revert." Yeah. He was like that then.
Brilliant. Yeah. And I was like okay I I
can dismissed it. Come to time he
reminded me went to masjid what happened
happened. And honestly like uh he's
always in the last few years had a love
for Islam purely because
of Islam is clearcut. That's it. We
don't budge. We're not like and no
disrespect to other religions. I respect
all got friends in every religion but we
won't you'll never see you might see it
nowadays stuff but we're producing gay
marriage or we'll say this. These are
rules. Accept it or not. We if you don't
accept it, you're sinning. But we know
it. Yeah. Because the thing is on this
point, I think there's a there's a
deeper point which is that Islam, one of
the the key USPS of Islam is it
preservation. Okay. So, obviously we
know the Quran has been preserved and we
have all discussions about how the
Quran's been preserved comparative to
other scriptures and stuff, but it's not
just the Quran that's been preserved.
It's actually the practices. Exactly.
Yeah. So like the fact that you know
there is a difference of opinion in
Islam and stuff like that but there are
limits that no Muslim can cross everyone
believes preservation is the word I was
looking you're for example you have you
have these people say Christianity is
the biggest religion is it who's really
Christian and I'm not being
disrespectful I've got I was raised in a
non-Muslim town I was the only Muslim
family people there it's Christmas is
Easter is it Christianity is it a
culture is it look at every drama look
at We pray look at Ramadan when I you go
to Umrah millions of people and there's
silence in salah
like and it's just growing like
everywhere you go from martial arts to
actors to whatever you want to say
Islam is being preserved and it's still
how you want to call it is still the
same old like people say oh you're
backward your women cover a certain way
you guys have the beards the way you
pray you know we don't change for
nothing but we've moved with society
like when t came on the scene. Imagine a
time where atheism was growing at that
time. Yeah, it was kind of remember who
were shaking the Muslim. I remember
those years everyone was like hiding. I
said, "Come on, pray, we'll be
somewhere. No, no, I'll do it later.
Let's go in a dressing room." It was a
weird point in society,
2018, 2022 where people were just I
don't know like publicly posting
degenerate things on Instagram. When I
was younger, if a kissing scene, this
I'm 44. A kissing scene comes on, I have
to jump and change the channel with my
mother. My wife can't even sit and do
this with me. It's a shame. Mhm. I If a
woman, God forbid, call my house as a
kid, I would literally suicidal. My mom
might say, you know, a point where
you're on Instagram, people are holding
bottles. I was like the respect when
guys are getting tattoos. I'm not
judging. I'm just saying it changed a
lot with the new generation. Andrew came
on a scene and he started speaking about
Islam obviously in his way. How you
can't disrespect the prophet Muhammad.
He's one Muslims want to take it. How
they don't cut. Remember it went viral.
Everyone was like, "Who's this guy?"
Every Muslim in the world was sharing
it. They were all his fans then. I'm not
going to diss people but oh this guy's
funny. He's sitting on I think it was a
fresh and
fit. He in a way and I'm not I'm not
comparing to any he's not a malchmist.
He's nothing like that. But in a way he
was used by God in some way. He moved
the needle in such a mad way for the
non-Muslims to notice what Islam was.
And that I remember that time when he'd
speak out people going what is this
Islam? when he reverted how many kids
came to me people like Shams he told me
call me guys know who's Andrew take
these guys are coming to me saying we're
not about Islam cuz he's speaking about
it he's speaking this so he whatever he
was whatever his goal in life was or
Allah I was using him for in that time
it was very positive you cannot that's a
fact whether you want to agree or not he
moved the needle now of course it's not
very easy I remember that time it
happened it was about 2 3 weeks before
he flew to Pierers Morgan suddenly he
goes to jail. Suddenly he's around no
one. He's in Romania. All is around
here. There's no Muslims around him. And
here's what it is. We come to now. I'm
born Muslim. I'm from a Pashon family.
My mom taught me everything from an
early age. I could, like I said, I was
ashamed to even be
seen saying hello to a woman in in
school. It was just strict background.
But I made mistakes. I'm from that
upbringing, which I know right and
wrong. We're both born. We're around
Eid. We know this. You're talking about
a guy who's come from a
degenerate like way of life,
multi-millionaire, super famous. You
know how it is, bro. You know when you
get your when your brand goes up, you
know what it comes with. Let's be
honest. We all know, right? His is
multiplied by 2,000. Yeah. Absolutely.
You can't drive within Dubai, people see
him, I bring him, it's it's insane. Your
ego is not going to get it's going to be
affected by that in some way. It's it's
normal. So, do you think his conversion
was sincere? cuz a lot of people I do
believe because I'm not I'm not here to
offend anyone. I I pray you're the one
you're the closest guy. I take the m
should I speak with him? He knows I know
how he is. I know but that cuz a lot of
people say he was strategically doing it
and stuff but what is he like okay then
now what's he doing? He could easily say
I'm not Muslim now because people think
he's gone against it. They all I'm
surprised he like the way the people are
pushing me away now. Yeah. Look we all
say I've said dumb things in my past.
I've made bad comments and I'm like I
said born Muslim around the community.
I've been well educated in Islam enough
to know what's good and what's right and
I still made major mistakes as a human
being. This guy is coming from a totally
different game. He's not around people
all the time. He's been on this crazy
path. He's used as a porn cuz the way
the site is if he says one bad thing bro
the world's so mad now. God knows how
they can set you up. still when no one's
looking he goes to maj still when I talk
to him he goes yeah he understands oh
but he's also very stubborn so when
people go hard on him online he he he's
like myself I used to be the same it's a
stubborn character but he's never gone
against the message of Islam he's never
disrespected the Quran the prophet peace
be upon him he's never said anything
which takes you out of the realm of
Islam
there are a few things culturally yeah
there are a few things that he said that
I mean like I spoke to him privately
about and he clarified like for example
Some people have brought up this thing
that he says that we worship Jeep. Let's
go and worship Jesus. Something like
that. A few things like that. Um on the
record I did speak to him and he said I
said this in this way and I meant this
and that's why I think a lot of people
that have come and excommunicated him.
I've always said no actually I've spoken
to him privately and he's clarified this
reminded me the one he said Lord. He
said I'm a Lord. Call me the Lord. Yeah.
Some things like that. And I spoke to
them. He goes well because you'll laugh
in in my when I was younger they used to
be like MC's and run base. Call me the
dawn. call me the lord. It was a slang
word. So when a lot of these non-Muslims
say that they don't think it's a don
lord I'm the man king I know the term
was saying but he goes bro I didn't know
I didn't mean like that. He even
sometimes he's refuted him by tweets.
So, but if like you know in Islam if you
sincerely think oh I didn't know I mean
like that because you understand he's
his brother's au Christian when he says
it doesn't mean he's trying to he he
purely intent thinks it's cuz he says oh
the Quran talks about Jesus that his
intention is not so we have to be
careful how we and the fact that he was
in Romania for all this time in Romania
and there's like nobody around him
that's Muslim that can and there's a no
one knows on I'm going to say this one
his brother told me this clearcut The
first raid they had, Andrew's Quran was
thrown and kicked on the floor in front
of him by purpose by the investigator.
I'm not going to say more. His brother
knows who he is. He goes, "If the case
finish one day, I'm going to expose this
guy." What he goes, "Andrew didn't tell
me. His brother told me. Didn't have to
tell me that. We're just sitting
normally in a restaurant." And he goes,
"That tells me all I need to know how
they thought of him." Then then he walks
into court with the Quran. I know people
saying that was them. Also, he he has to
play the game in a way where, bro, this
is his life on the line. He has to also
save his own life. He's not going
against Islam. Yeah. I don't agree with
many things he doesn't say. I tell him
straight. So what what don't you agree
with him? Like I mean like he's got
friendship with certain people I can't
stand. Yeah. I don't hate them. I don't
know them. But they're talking about the
far right. Yeah. The far right. Their
views. I always gun them. Yeah. If his
opinion, but is that taking him out of
Islam? Let's let's let's differentiate.
Yeah. Support culture and Islam. He's
not said anything which will take him
out of the realms of Islam. Firstly,
when there's many Shia who says things
worse. Yeah. So people respect them over
that. You know, you could have a who
will say something about or the worse
say, "No, they're still Muslim." This
guy, I don't know some I know he rallied
up a lot of hate and um I purely know
when I spoke to him, he goes, "Bro, I
was in America when I was on a podcast
with PBD when I thought my timing is
different. I didn't know." And yeah, I'm
stubborn. He's stubborn. People just
think once they say it, then that's it.
That stuff we don't agree I don't agree
with like publicly with doing sins and
stuff, but I'm not one to judge. What's
her name? The um the woman, the Candice.
No, no, the the white woman that's very
racist as well. Katy Hopkins. Yeah.
Yeah. So, he had a thing with her as
well. He was he was defending Islam on
that. He was clearcut that he's a
Muslim. But he why entertain them? But
again, you got to understand from his
world, it's like I can't explain it,
bro. I I've been around I've been around
so many people. I'll still see them say
hello. I will still you don't say
friends but I'll be courteous. I know
them. You can't just Yeah. Okay. See
this is the point where I think there's
a there's a real tension cuz I mean to
be to be fair I agree that it's not
taking anyone out of Islam and you know
all that kind of stuff but I think
there's one element here which is um
this element called teli. Okay. Okay.
Which is like this idea of allying with
somebody who's now there's there's two
kinds of things. I don't want to go into
a big detail about it but like so for
example in the time of the prophetam
there was a man
called and this guy was basically a
sahhabi and he was he was also a bad so
he went to bed with the prophet Muhammad
wasallam and the when fatka happened the
conquest of Mecca the prophetam kept it
secret he said we're not going to go
into Mecca until you know it's going to
be a surprise it's going to be the
conquest is going to be a surprise so
had family members in Mecca
that he was afraid that when the Muslims
come in, some of the new soldiers were
going to be like violent and stuff or
whatever. So he went and because of his
fear for the family, he went and told
his family members like you know that u
the prophet's going to come in and and
and there's going to be a conquest. In a
sense, he is aiding the enemies of Islam
over Muslims.
But the majority of scholars of Islam
have always said this does not take him
his because the prophetam forgave him
and he didn't say he was a kafir and in
fact um what the scholars say about it
is that because he didn't do it because
he aided them yes he aided the enemy of
Islam but he aided the enemies of Islam
because of a tribal reason of a family
reason of a dunya reason basically and
so if Andrew Tate does the same thing
and this is where the fine line is he's
actually at that fine line of right now
where he's he's aiding the enemies of
Islam in a sense he's indirectly but
he's not doing I would say this is where
the Muslims have to be careful as well
because just like
hearted yes he's aiding the enemies of
Islam in an indirect manner and that's a
major sin it's wrong I I believe it's
it's not justifiable Islamically but
it's not the kind of sin that as you
mentioned would excommunicate him
outside because if that was the case
then how would have been excommunicated
by the prophet because it's even more
severe if Think about it. It's with the
prophet directly what happened with him.
Yeah, I understand. I think when we say
Aiden, I think it's a that word is a
strong word because and I am just going
to say that. I honestly believe he's
just trying to get content out there for
every demographic to make more money. I
I don't believe he's aid. He's using cuz
he knows
the funny thing with the right wing in
Islam is they're very majority of
rightwing if they knew the message be
Muslim. I get you because I can't
explain. They you they're manipulated by
the media, but what they truly believe
is everything Islam stands for. They go
everything they hate, Islam hates and
stands up against. That's what makes me
laugh about these right-wing guys. So,
he's at that point where I I honestly
believe unfortunately he does it for
content and
uh like reactions, but he knows
like he's he wants to settle in the
Middle East. He knows better when when
you're alone with him, the masks off.
Not what I'm saying is a lot of it
is if you see me at home around my wife
and you see me out in public in work or
going to there's a different aura. Of
course, it's a you have to be a certain
way and that's me and I'm not I have no
one to
impress. I think a lot of it is playing
for the camera and I and I know what you
mean and if it come like that and I I
didn't understand cuz when I go on X I
didn't see but I'll get a lot of cuss. I
didn't know what the tweets were tweets
so much I don't see it and I was like I
didn't get it and I was like okay okay
maybe it's cuz he's from Luton he's
seeing things I don't know being a white
guy or a mixed race kid in Newton you
know maybe had an experience a lot of
people say that he kind of switched
stances like one year he was saying we
need Sharia for the UK the next year he
was kind of like a little bit
like that be the constraints of him
going through such cases all over the
place and he's thinking I just need to
get off it could be that not saying he's
playing that game could be just like you
know at one point he once he said to me
he goes bro do you know being a Muslim
here in this Romania case they they hate
me because of that they don't bro they
do not like me it was hard to get the
Quran as a book given to me in I think
they they don't have them they don't
care there's a hatred he goes it annoys
them for no reason his brother was
telling me this and I was like okay this
plays your mind and then yeah let's put
a hand if he's made mistakes he's made
mistakes we have to accept
At the same time, we then we're going
like, "You're this that." So then you
got this guy who's not he's still new,
not really educated on this matter, made
problems. Then we're like, "You're this,
that, that that that." He's like,
"Okay." Yeah. I'm this. I'm trying to
You're going to You're going to make him
into the enemy. Then I'm going to kiss
my ass. Okay. You know what? Like what
am I doing? Yeah. Yeah. No, it's not an
excuse. Yeah. Yeah.
But I've seen Muslims I've seen Muslims
raised by in madrasas manipulated by
someone. I've seen it bro in gangs. It's
let alone like we have to also be smart
and he's not a scholar. He's not a dowi.
He's not a sheh. He's not none of that.
He's just a very famous influencer
promote Islam on podcast went viral and
he goes it's for me. I want to become
Muslim. That was it. And the world took
him on this role say oh he's the next
he's not. We kind of gave him that role.
Oh you're the next thing. Oh, take what
they they expect him just cuz they saw M
he says he reverted doesn't mean what we
expecting from him you Sham said we want
him to be in speaker I'm saying he's not
so I think we took this role without him
wanting to take it when he's saying for
me mentally Ice Cube's a Muslim people
don't question him what he does is he
cube he pray like he doesn't whether he
prays or not we don't know there's many
famous Dillian whiteies there's people
oh is he now this is
Do we go I thought is his his sister's
Muslim but is he Muslim? Yeah he has
sisters but whatever his relation I'm
saying there's many who are Muslim or
Dad or whoever but AJ do we is AJ
Muslim? Yeah not that I know of. No but
in one day he's got all the guys around
him Junior Senior used to be Muslim.
Mhm. Look what you know what I'm saying.
Mhm. He was a Muslim at one point. I
don't know what's like you know brother
Mike Tyson we all adore we all adore him
why don't people give Mike Tyson the
same stick okay he's been on but Mike
Tyson said I'm god many occasions he's
bro he said things yeah yeah I think
he's probably left Islam now hasn't he
no but he was atra like he always says
like he's he's he says I'm Muslim does
he say it now he always says it my
brothers were with him in Umra bad and
everyone really but he said comments but
no one went against him in the community
why I think some I think some did I
didn't see it like this yeah it's as
much. My point is, yeah, I think do you
know what the reason is? Cuz people know
Andrew Tate is online and watching and
reading what they're saying. And it's
not I'm not
but I'm telling you was I sit with him
and we talk a lot when we go to Mi and
never always say no. He always comes to
me thank you for bringing me. He says
that why you say thank me. He feels
good. The other day we were at Jama last
Friday. So you took him cuz we saw that
picture of you and him. Yeah. And I I by
purpose let him post cuz I want people
to know he's the He doesn't post it and
kids come up to him have a picture. He
goes, "Bro, please no. I just want to be
like everyone. I don't I'm not Yeah.
Don't take pictures of me on the mosque.
I don't like it cuz I'm like everyone
else. Wah. He said this. Yeah. So I
thought, you know what? Rated. He's not
doing it. So I think that the Muslim
community I put the pics out because I
need to show look where like he's going
there. Yes. He's sinning. We all sin.
But look guys out there, I understand.
But we've got bigger wars out there.
Number two, the first thing we will be
judged on when we are on the day of John
when we are gone. It's not who agitated.
It's going to be whether you pray, I
pray, what we did. Let's worry about
ourselves and then be an example. And
he's a very stubborn, tough guy. He's
for the for the record, bro. I think
what you're doing with him is the right
thing. I'm putting this on the I think
this is what you're what you're doing
with him is the right. Anyone who like
I'm putting this on the record like
anyone who says anything like what cuz
you're looking at the bigger picture.
Okay. Like I've always said this, you're
the close, one of the closest Muslims to
him. Number one, if not the most close
Muslim to him. Number two, there is zero
benefit in pushing Andrew Tate to become
an enemy of Islam. Zero benefit. Zero
benefit. And if you if you push him too
much, a human being is a human being is
a human being in it. Like you're going
to push him. Do you want him to become
like a David Wood? Do you want him to
become like an enemy of Islam? Is that
what you want? Cuz that's going to bring
people out of Islam. That's what it's
going to do. The problem is Yeah. And
it's not like we like you say I
understand and I agree to we need him.
We don't need no one. No one needs us.
Yeah. The point is we have a
responsibility too, bro. It's it's I'm
44. It's taken me majority of my life to
understand way to even how to act, how
to be a husband, bro. As a Muslim,
you're learning every day how like how
to be a good son like many things. And
I'm born I'm around that. I'm around
that culture. Pos culture is very and
what am I expect from him? So rather
than that I think be an example show
that talk to him and I know everyone's
different like me I'd like with me I
like knowledge I like someone to people
tell me I'll message reiterate send me
things he's different everyone's
different how you tackle them you've got
you know it you got to be emotionally
intelligent like yeah you have to be
it's different and and I know he sees I
know what comes with it and I' some of
the abuse he it's like okay yeah I think
that's going too far and it doesn't
serve it doesn't serve a purpose I I get
more careful. I get called non-Muslim. I
think I see him with him. I'm like,
"Yeah, there's two sides of it. I can
really see this side of it." And I think
that Muslim community have to really
tone it down with this. Yeah. Because at
the end of the day, like I said, there's
zero benefit in this man leaving Islam
and becoming enemy of Islam. It will
lead to more apostasies. It will lead to
less people coming into Islam,
especially those who came into Islam
through him. And there's a lot and we
know that. But on the other hand, I
think because the thing is with Andrew,
he's living in Romania now and or he's
between here and Romania, a lot of the
followers are in the UK, are in the US,
are in European countries, um, in
different places of the world and he
hasn't been in those places for a very
long time. So what is what he needs to
understand is that he could be out of
touch with what's going on on the ground
and it cuz like when you're always
online, he's on Twitter a lot of the
time and you're speaking to people and
stuff like you start to think that
social media is a is a is a
representation of reality. But I was I
was just I went with my family up north
and we're all visibly Muslim and it's
like a white really white area and no
one looked at us in a negative way in
the UK. But we were all walking fine.
They're all very friendly to us. But if
you if I was on Twitter all day long, my
assumption of white people in the UK is
that they're mostly far right and
they're racist and they're intolerant
towards Muslims. All those three things
are false. Because if in the UK it's not
like that. It's not it's not really a
racist country that bad is what people
think. It's exaggerated because of the
cesspit that is Twitter. It's actually
not the case. So the thing is with Tate
is because okay like if you're not
hanging around with Muslims and he's not
hanging around Muslim. He's not he's not
in West London. He's not in Birmingham.
He's not in these places where where
people are online and they're talking
about him and they're most interested in
him. He doesn't realize that when he
talks when he talks about Tommy Robinson
on the ground, this is actually making a
lot of people very upset. Now, we've
already put the theological discussion
aside of is he a Muslim or not. We're
not taking him out of Islam and we're
telling people they should not do that.
Yeah. It's more now of a PR discussion.
It's more of a sociological discussion
of I reckon that T needs to understand
the Muslim community just like I had to
understand just like you have to
understand like there's a symbiotic
relationship between us and them yet
there's there's two approaches either
we're going to take zero feedback and
we're going to move forward and then
we're going to get hurt or we're going
to get we take some feedback say you
know what I understand where you guys
are coming from as the Muslim community
I'm going to make these amendments and
so that I can stay within the group the
Muslim family that is the Muslim
community But I disagree with you guys
on this, this, that, and that point. So
long as it's not going against the
fundamental theology, and that's the
main thing about having a fundamental
theology, then I'm allowed to have my
opinion, and I'm not here to appease
everything you have to say. But I reckon
that he still needs to find that
balance, and he needs to find people
that around him that are in touch with
what's happening on the ground because
if he's in Romania, a house or in Dubai,
that's not really what's going on. I
agree. And you're so right. He even a
few it was about a year and a half ago
he's like no I don't want to do everyone
hates me everyone hates me this is
before anything happened he just he's
it's ex it's all he sees he's banned
from anything yeah and it's not it's
such a toxic sexful like you said if I
were to stay on X all day I go crazy yes
like you don't and I I'm to blame I'm
I'm ashamed I retaliate sometimes cuz I
just
all really generally I'll say such
stupid things but because I'm think I've
saw what you I'm not I'm not I'm going
to say I'm just going to annoy you back
who you I'm I'm not even angry with him,
but I'm going to retaliate to you how
you're talking to me. Return energy.
Yeah, I return the energy and I'm I'm
thinking, man, I'm 44. Okay, what am I
doing? This guy's got a ghost account.
Well, you're self-reflective though. You
can see it. Some people add on there
strong and I always I said the world's
not X, bro. Yeah, that's it is not X and
it's a lot of BS and it's a lot of uh
it's a lot of fake fake stuff there.
Like you'll see this uh Britain's first
poor girl that we have we marching. It's
like four people, bro. Four people
outside Greg. That's not a march. Yeah,
it's nothing. Yeah, literally I've got
more. Okay, these that the far right he
needs to understand the far is not a
representation of a story. No one knows.
Yeah. So, Tommy Robinson, someone
reached out for him from me to me, a guy
from him, some they go, "Tommy Robins,
can you make a YouTube influencer
fight?" Tommy Robinson and a Muslim guy.
I said, "What?" So, I listened. I went,
"What? MMA or boxing?" Boxing. Yeah,
boxing. Okay. Okay. Okay. Who's the guy?
They said, "Modin." I
said, "Wah."
And I'm I've never met Modin. Well, you
saw his fight with Vitali or he he he
makes me laugh this Modi. I swear.
I swear he makes me laugh. I don't know
him. I've never met him. Yeah. He's a
comedian. He's hilarious. I It's so
stupid, but he makes me laugh the way he
acts. Yeah. And no offense. I've never
met you, brother. But I couldn't risk
it. I said if I make I'm not going to
give him a platform, but I want someone
who I know he's going to he can't be
made. And I thought Tommy Robertson win.
And I'm being rude. He'd win and he'd be
this savior. He would be What would he
be like a lightweight or I don't know
why he always and I said I'm not doing
very small. He can have a call. I said
no. And I I cut the call off and the guy
this is a funny thing who was
intermediate is a Moroccan Muslim and
other guys around Tom Pakistani. Did
they wait agree to the represent it was
going through someone. Let me get one
thing straight. What you see on these
exes people for his agendas. Tommy
Rosson has a lot of Pakistani Muslims
around him friends. Shock. Yeah. I was
shocked bro. I was shocked. I don't
know. So what's going on there? I don't
know. It's like I don't know. It's it's
weird, bro. They also don't have the
bullet and bat properly. They don't have
the I'm telling you one thing about
Andrew Tate, his closest friend who's
always from you'll never see him. He's a
Pakistani guy from Luton Muslim. He
always goes to be thanks to him staying
around him and Tom Robinson um Andrew as
well. He looks after a guy from his own
community, a Pakistani guy, takes him
everywhere, looks after him very close
to him and he's always around him. So
this hatred and he's Pakistani Muslim
from Luton. So when they go, he's not
unfortunately a lot of it clickbait to
get that reaction. It's it's the world
of socials. I'm around him. I know his.
People know my character. I will not
associate someone goes against some
disrespected public. They know me and
the right. I know what is.
Unfortunately, I agree circumstances
done. The rightwing get excited. But
there is no right. They're about as
threatening as my daughters to me. It's
true. They are nothing. Yeah. Yeah. And
I was with Derek Chazor. I was with
Derek Chazor. He's a brother of mine.
He's with reform. Yeah. He's very good
with Faraj. And I was laughing. Okay.
I've got a story of Derek Chazor. I tell
you afterwards. I like you. It's all
right. And he's like he I've got all the
time brother. He's a brother of mine.
Great family. Loveless guy. We're
sitting there with all of us. They're
talking about Tom. I'm with some Bengali
brother. We're like what? We're just
laughing. He's like yeah like he's a
Zimbabwean refugee in London but he's
with reform. So but Dor is like and then
he says we're slaves to the white man
that's why we box. Like he's on it bro.
Like he's funny but a lot of the times
you see things but it's not what you He
said Tommy Robinson he reached out for
this guy who's a guy who's a Muslim
Moroccan. I said no no way Mo Tomson be
this hero for the English. Beat up Mo
never happening. I I want anyone given
that platform but if he ever does it I'm
choosing the opponent. Yeah of
course we're getting some air. It's not
happening like this race war you beat
MB. It doesn't it's a funny story and
it's a true story. No one knows this.
Um, yes. But honestly, I want to fix
this. Like there's journalists, UK,
Muslim journalists, people who were
friends of mine before. We had good
relationships and we've fallen out over
this because
we're both wrong and we're both right in
certain ways, but I honestly believe the
bigger picture is defend your Muslims as
much you can and keep it in house. Mhm.
Keep it in house. I know they say some
police you should keep it in house. Why
do we want to publicly go whether it's
you, me? Yeah.
Whoever it is, we've got bigger enemies
out there and we look like if our house
is in check, people laugh at us. These
others stick together. We don't. We
laugh. Look at these ladies, but they're
so united. They're the most united
people on earth. If we had that, we
would have issues. I hope that honestly
I hope that Andrew does leave the far
right because I think that that
connection is I honestly don't believe
he's with them. I honestly even he's not
with I'm telling you the guy if he's far
right now he's not far. I don't know.
Far right. It's like entertaining them.
Do you know what I mean? Like I think
Yeah. I I don't There's no need to do
that. But I also think I can't
comprehend being in a Romanian jail.
There's no It's a Romanian jail not
knowing whether one day you're going to
be in jail for life that you bricks want
you this that. Yeah. He's probably
thinking, I've got to be diplomatic,
man. I don't know who's coming for me
next. There's a 1% I can understand why
sometimes he wants to try and play a
game. Yeah. I'm not saying acceptable,
but we're not in that in those shoes to
understand,
but I'm just trying to verify. He is
purely Muslim. He
I'm around and people go, "Why are you
not speaking up? They tag me, abuse me.
Why?" Cuz I can just call him and speak
to him and I've spoke to him about these
things. Yeah. With clarified. I don't
need to publicize. If I have a fight
with my wife or am I going to tweet it
before I think you're doing exactly the
right thing because he needs people
around him that bring him to Islam. Uh
I've always said to lots of brothers
that say like you have to bring out a
sledgehammer against him. I say look
brother with all due respect my
objective with the brother is a
missionary objective. I'm just trying to
let him understand what Islam is.
There's no benefit in me trying to make
him into an enemy of Islam. And this is
not just to fit and people behind the
scenes will know I'm like that with you
but like there was guys in speaker
corner there was feuds yourself guys who
I love and you're following that as
well. I and I used to always touch base
to all of you. Yeah. And I don't want to
say guys, what are you doing? Like let's
crime this is stop this like crap. Yeah.
And I don't see it cuz I get on the
call. They're like Sham like Shami I
love to death. He's helped me a lot of
times my lowest points. I'm like we have
big He's actually a very sincere
brother, you know. A very sincere all.
I'm like I said when I want to sit him
down I don't care if no one likes it.
Let's just No more public stuff. So
people that's not public but there's
been conversations privately so I don't
have to make that public the same way we
all have our flaws but we're trying to
fix there's bigger we need us all to be
united firstly and then slowly be an
examples thing and Sunonny Bill Williams
taught me that the brother Sunonny Bill
helped me a lot with how to be a husband
he said bro just don't fall be an
example his advice Tommy so you're
always learning from people he's doing a
fantastic job as well on social media
really humble guy just good example to
be so you
on on the point of the the Twitter
thing, I think there's a there's an
interesting book I was reading called
The Power of Bad. The guy who wrote is
called Roy Bowmeister. He's the same
person who wrote a very very good book
called Willpower. Okay. Which I think is
very good for athletes. It's very good
for students. It's it's good for
everyone because it basically he's
talking about he's one of the in my
estimation the best psychologist in the
last 100 years. And he does his own
laboratory work and stuff. He done he
ran his own experiments. He's done the
marshmallow experiment. He's done the
radish experiment. you've done lots of
things which is basically he's trying to
see his idea is that willpower is
limited and you have to preserve it. Um
but that's also like a muscle. So you
can expand your willpower like a muscle.
But he he brings like a lot of examples
and stuff but in the power of bad he
says something very interesting. So he
got two good books on this point
willpower and the power of bad. The
power of bad he said something in the
very beginning of the book which links
to our discussion about Twitter. He said
that human beings are geared towards
seeing some the bad in things. So for
instance, and he mentions comments
online. If there's 100 good comments and
two or three bad comments, the human
mind is geared or wired to look at the
bad and that's going to be the thing.
So, and the way he put it is very
interesting. He said the the pain of
criticism is greater than the pleasure
of
praise. Do you see what I mean?
knowing that a human being is like that
and he say why he yeah he he gives a lot
of like psychological reasons in his
understanding evolutionary biological
reasons and all these kind of things and
different uh reasoning for it like
wiring and he gives he gives a way out
of it like gratitude and stuff you would
expect yeah like you have to be more
optimistic more gratitude all this kind
of stuff he does bring a way out of it
but the point is is that something like
Twitter accentuates that proclivity of
the human being so if we know that the
pain of criticism is greater than the
pleasure of praise, which is exactly
what he says. Then if you go on Twitter,
all you need is to see two or three bad
comments and according to your own
psychology, you're going to feel much
more pain than you're going to feel
pleasure. Twitter brings you more pain
than pleasure. There's no question about
it. There's no question about it. So
that's what one of the greatest advice I
could give to myself, and I realized
this is that Twitter is. It's a great
medium. It's a great social media stuff,
but it has to be it's like an addiction.
It has to be moderated. Twitter, all the
social media has to be moderated because
it actually I track my emotions and
stuff. Every day I see like how I'm
feeling and what triggers such certain
emotions. And I got this app called the
Dailyio app where every day I'm putting
I've seen trends cuz I want to know
what's the point of having negative
emotions and not knowing what triggers
them. And I've consistently seen if I'm
on Twitter for more than 30 minutes, 45
minutes a day, then it will actually
make my day worse. Yeah. So it needs to
be a really controlled thing. And the
thing is I know for a fact that people
like Peterson, Jordan Peterson who spoke
spoken to he he's on Twitter so much and
bro like there was a guy at one point
who had like 10 followers and he said
you coward Peterson and Peterson
responded to him
bro I'm saying what what does it take
for a man who's the bestseller Harvard
professor this and that and the guy that
was chattered to him was some nobody
maybe was a 12-year-old and he felt
triggered I'm going to respond I can't
lie I've done to a guy with 134. Do you
know what I mean? Calling me a mad khali
dog. Whoever you are, I don't even know
what a mud is, bro. So this guy, he
always does it. I have to laugh. You're
annoying. I'm going to abuse you to the
death. I don't block anyone either. I
never block cuz it's sign of weakness. I
just let it go. But I'm like I always
get tagged and this what is you a mud
mud dog. He tags four of us. Me, Farest,
Amadi. I don't know who answered Tate.
And I'm like, bro. And I'm laughing cuz
it doesn't know. It's just funny. But I
have to reply cuz he's I don't know who.
Why am I responding? He's probably 7
years old. Who knows? Exactly. Exactly.
Exactly. It's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I
know. This is the thing. That's that's
what Twitter is. So it first of all, it
gives you a wrong idea of what the world
looks like cuz when you start going to
north northern England and stuff,
there's no right-wing people here.
There's no far right. And in fact, if
you spoke to them about farright talking
points, these guys are going to object.
And number two, it creates so much pain
unless you moderate it. It doesn't
matter who you are. Like Elon Musk, bro,
imagine Elon Musk of all people. He's on
he is the owner of Twitter, but he's on
Twitter. He's with Donald Trump and he's
on his own on Twitter, bro. That's the
killing. I don't get it. Absolute
addiction. So, it is a thing that needs
to be moderated.
Um, I want to speak to you about you've
moved you've lived in the UK and you've
also lived in Dubai.
I I've put up a tweet and you saw it. It
was about the um I was saying London's a
good city, you know. I was going to
quote tweet about Dubai. I can't leave
it. No, Dubai is a beautiful. Yeah. I
was born in the UK. So I have to Where
were you raised again? Uh Essics.
Essics. Yeah. So you're talking about
why I was in a place called Cami Island.
Literally two ethnic families. How do
you compare the two kind of um living
here, living there, the UK and Dubai?
Dubai is like it's hard to say like you
saw earlier you mentioned we're in the
gym. Yeah. You it's spo in a way Dubai
is the greatest family city in earth to
live. But if you're not stay if you're
coming for a little vacation or you're
going to go back anywhere else it's
going to ruin your life and spoil you.
Mhm. Just things like bathrooms,
cleanliness, safety. Customer service is
really really customer service and lack
of crime everything. It's just a lack of
crime. Look, you you work hard. People
work hard in UK. They want to live a
life. You never know what's around the
corner. You never know. Someone dislikes
you. They can shank you. That won't
happen here. I can't even record you
like that with my phone. Now you can
make a case for defamation. I can't say
Muhammad hijab is this on from an
account. You can make a case tomorrow
delete or jail or money. Mhm. So I like
those rules. There's no degeneration.
But could someone say that when you grew
when you were growing up? Obviously you
and you're now quite a wealthy man. I'm
content what Allah has given me.
Okay. You say that with like the most
expensive Rolex watch.
I'm thinking this one is Is this the
one? I'm thinking it is. But I'm saying
you're not quite a wealthy man. Like not
objectively speaking quite a wealthy
man. You've you've got your own kind of
empire here in Dubai. You've got your
own gym. You've got people around you,
etc., etc. When you were growing up in
the UK, you didn't have those
privileges. So it's like someone could
say well you're comparing apples and
oranges cuz you grew up and you had to
you are still making your way up as a
fighter as a promoter as whatever you
were doing and now you've come to Dubai
and you've established yourself and now
you've become big so you're comparing a
wealthy lifestyle in Dubai with an
impoverished one in the UK because for
example UK
the average person's lifestyle here is
still always another level the average
person is not going to get jacked not
beaten up stabbed he can go anywhere
where his kids can run them all in the
night. His wife can drive and go
anywhere, anytime. You're not nervous
something's going to happen in the park
or that you got the mids everywhere.
Yeah, that's really nice. It's hard to
compare. I cannot explain it. £20 in the
UK seems like I spent £20. What's that
100 here? It's like monopoly money. It's
so weird. And people from UAE will
understand when they travel back to UK
what I'm talking about that it's just
different. There's more opportunities
here. There's a networking capital of
the world. I believe you could be just
having a
gym. Me from Canv Island, small MMA gym,
a sport no one knew, sitting with
lobbyists, senators, royals, actors from
like from a gym. It's this place.
Everyone's here in this hub and well,
you'veorked with some of the great Yeah.
And it's you have that opportunity.
You're one phone call away from speaking
to a royal. It's literally like that.
You can't get on a phone and get
connected to Prince William. Try. Never.
Or um prime minister. It would never
happen. You'll see a the shake walking
into supermarkets, restaurants, meeting
people, shaking their hands with no
security.
I can't explain it. It's like they've
made this utopia.
And you can literally for cheaper than
rent in London in a studio, get a two,
threebedroom, buy a
beach, earn the same amount of money and
live another world. It's just like I
said, UK people are working hard to be
robbed of their cars. I see people
having these ghost things where people
come in with these hangers and laptops
and ste cars and drives. Kids are kids
don't have respect. You get on there,
they listen to their grime. They're
sitting there looking mean mugging like
15y olds like what's going on? You don't
want that. No, I think that is one of
the issues. But do you know to be honest
like do you know crime in the UK in
London in every area in London even the
posh areas even the upper end areas
whatever there's there's gangs
operating. Okay. But I think that a lot
of the gangs are operating with other
gangs. Yeah. So like for example, Lab
Grove, let me give you an example that's
close to where I live. Lab Grove, right?
So all of these draw artists are talking
about Labra Gro is if you heard what's
going on, people will think this you
going to you're going to go to Lab Grove
is a nice place though. It's a nice
place. You think it's a war zone like if
if you heard the drill artists and and
these ones that the rep of like let's
say Labra Grove and then you went to
Portella Market, bro, there's antique
shop, there's this and that. Yeah. You
could also see a psycho drunk in a kebab
shop at randomly just have a fight with
him. Yeah. He could start throwing a
punch or say something abusive. You'll
never have that there. Yeah. Could I
wear this watch walking around London?
Would you recommend me to? No. There you
go. But after we spoke about
you
like suburbs. Yes. You get good things.
But then I see sword fights machetes in
South High Street, the town I raised
with. A lot of them is to be fair and
this is like play devil. It's the
immigrants.
I'm joking. It's the immigrants. A lot
of it is a lot of it. I I'll come to the
argument cuz I spoke to Andrew Tate
about this argument and I'll make it
public cuz that's what they say, isn't
it? And I Do you believe there's an
issue with uh immigration? This is a
Muslim. This is what I think. Yeah. Do
you know when they say that, okay, it's
the immigrants that are causing the
crime. It's the immigrants are doing
this and that. My response is the
following is that what is actually the
common trend in in these places? The
common trend is so economic
backgroundoverovery.
If you have a poor person, the poor
person by psychological reality is more
likely to engage in crime because crime
for them is a better riskreward ratio.
So if you okay like for example, you're
living in a council property, you're
very unlikely to get a good job. You're
very unlikely to be in a career. You're
very unlikely this that and the other.
Whether you're a white man or you're a
black man, you're from Jamaica or you're
from Nigeria or Morocco, if you're in
that level in that socioeconomic level,
you're more likely to commit crime.
That's just that is the most if you look
across data sets, that is the most
that's how it is. So if you get like for
example an Arab in Dubai, it's not a
genetic thing cuz at the end of the day,
I think the far right, they've got
something called race realism and this
is where it goes to. It's like the white
man has the right genes. the white man
actually is less likely to engage in
these things for biological reasons that
they make a biological case. And I feel
like that that is a very misguided case
because if you get a rich or middle-ass
white man and you get an Arab or black
middle class Arab or black person,
they're likely to behave in a very
similar manner. If you get a a person
living in an estate who's a chav, white
boy, chav, and you get a come to Essics,
I'm from there. Yeah. So, I'm sorry to
say it's that is the the major predictor
and that's what I I think that's where
the the far right have got it wrong. And
the irony of it is that the the
followers of the far right are of that
group which causes a lot of crime
anyway. Sun ringers. Yeah. I know
because look where Milwall I used to
watch Milwall when I was younger. I was
I literally was a Milwall fan. They were
all right-wing racist and I go with
them. They love me. My friend's dad was
one of the Milwall not they weren't head
hunters. There was some kind of fight
between the hooligans. What was the area
called where Milwall is? You get the it
was just rowdy. Go. My school was in a
council estate. Rowdy crime. Yeah. All
right. You're right. Go to Sunderland.
Go to these areas. Go to Newcastle some
areas. It's pure poverty. But my point
is it cuz I see a lot but maybe it's on
exit this argument about immigration. Is
it what's the like I don't say the
numbers are going crazy. Do you think
there's an issue where they people are
coming and taking advantage and not
really coming not like our generation or
our parents who came school workers and
brought things? Yeah. But do you think
there is an issue with immigration? So
let's look at look at look at the
numbers in the United Kingdom. The
number of Muslims is 6.5%. Okay. Not
even Muslim. I'm just talking about in
general. Yeah. So like once again immigr
if you look at the there's vast majority
more than 80% of the UK is white. Yeah.
It's more than 80%.
Look at Dubai. Let's let's not go
further than where we are now. Yeah.
Look how much immigration there is here.
Okay. There's Filipinos here. They call
it expats. I call it immigrants. Yeah.
Okay. Look, I mean, there's Filipinos,
Nigerians, Pakistanis, Indians. In fact,
I I think they're the majority in in
Dubai. They actually the majority. Yeah,
Indians probably. So, the point is is
that they've created multiple narratives
and all of them are false. One of the
narrative is that we are going to the
Muslim people are going to the west in
order because we believe that their
ideology, their religion is better. What
we're going to the Christian West
because they're more tolerant than then
we are backwards and okay. So if that's
the case, why are the Christian
Filipinos coming here? It's the English,
not forget Christian. Or the English.
The white English. Yeah. There's I think
two or 300,000 of them here in the more
and more in the UAE only. I mean, I saw
the reform. I think reform this
group, I don't know who's the um the
head of the reform. Yeah. I think it's
for someone, his wife lives here.
Really? Yeah. There's a lady who's very
anti-racist. She lives in Dubai and I
saw an ex. She literally lives in Dubai
and she's anti-Islamian. I start
laughing. I don't know. Yeah. But she's
she has moved to a Muslim country with
Imagine. Subhan Allah. Do you know why
she come? Because our rules are the
best. Yeah. And not just that, it's to
do with socioeconomics. I think it's to
do with money where the money
opportunities are. So that's one of the
main things like for example when you go
to Malaysia, you'll find like I don't
know 20% of the population is from
India. So I don't know how many% is from
China. Okay. So India is majority Hindu.
Why are they going to a majority Muslim
country? Because the opportunity is up
that time cuz it doesn't make sense for
them to come. If you go to Bosnia, I
went to Bosnia and I saw a lot of I
looked around asking people where
they're from. I realized there was a lot
of people from Croatia which is a
Christian country. Okay. So why are you
going to majority Muslim country? Oh,
because the opportunities are better. So
clearly the once again it's I know it
sounds reductionist but I think the main
parameter the main factor the main point
sociological point is money. It's as
simple as that. People go where the
money is. That's if if if the people had
the same money in their home countries,
they wouldn't come. A lot of them
wouldn't come here. You know, like for
example, I speak to a lot of the
Egyptians here and I say like, you know,
we're you're here now. and they say,
"Yeah, we're here." Because of the the
the issue in Egypt's inflation and this
the money and we can can't buy the bread
and all this kind of stuff. If they had
that solved, if they had the same money
in Egypt, they would stay in their
country like labor workers here. Do you
think they want to do that? They want to
of course. It's a hard life. Hard work
all these days, these long hours and
their son, but they do it to support
their family. Exactly. It's all to do
with it's all to do with socioeconomics.
I think it's But do you still think a
lot there's a big percentage who come
and take advantage and bring like I'm
not even talking about racial whatever
whoever the UK crime scene what it's
just changed to when I was younger you
could leave your bike outside it was
fist ups you shake hands after now it's
just gone crazy when I see this lack of
rules lack of discipline. Yeah. But
maybe it's me on X. You see I had
Muslims friends who are Asians. Yeah.
From other areas like Birmingham. Yeah,
Bradford this that saying, "Oh, I don't
these guys from this East Europe are
here this that." Imagine like we're sons
of immigrant stuff and we're
complaining. It's it's just feedback I
get cuz for me I go once a year if that
and I just hear from when I sit that
everyone's fed up, everyone's this. It's
just maybe they're all taking the I
don't know. But it seems that the UK is
at a state where everyone's fed up the
world. It's true. Fed up. Okay. Look, do
you know what the right the far right
they're the fundamental criticism about
immigrants. I'm not saying it's
completely wrong. I'm saying that
there's elements of it which are true,
but the the reasoning and the causation
is misguided. So, for example, is it
true that people from immigrant
backgrounds create crime problems and
stuff in the UK? Of course, it's true.
The reason they give is because they're
Muslim or because they're black, for
example. I'm saying it's got nothing to
do with their religion and it's got
nothing to do with their actual race.
It's to that's number one. Number two is
they're divorcing it from the from
historical the historical background. So
a lot of the guys in the UK if you look
at the immigrant populations they
actually come from prior colonies. So
for example Pakistan is a colony of the
United Kingdom. You get India West
Indies. Yeah. West Indies. All these are
former colonies of the United Kingdom of
Britain. So here's the thing like when
you when they brought them in they
brought these guys in after World War II
World War II kind of like to build the
place up again. So you brought these
guys in. Okay. So socioeconomically
they're never going to because they're
blue collar workers they're never going
to get to the level of middle class or
upper class or something whatever. So if
they're blue collar workers and they are
not at that level it means that they are
fundamentally disadvantaged in the first
instance. Yeah. So as a result of that
disadvantage they now are more likely to
cause this that and the other. Why?
Because they were immigrants. And the
evidence of this is that if you look at
and I've looked at some of the stats in
cuz I went to America myself multiple
times. I went to California. I saw the
Muslims there and like the Asians and
Pakistanis whatever and then I went to
like say New York or Philadelphia and I
saw a different demographic and
different socioeconomic background and
it's a completely different thing what's
going on and on the one hand there's
less crime and one hand there's more
crime. Now is that because these guys
are black and these guys are Asian? No,
cuz Asians in this other country are
doing a bath is to do with these guys
have less money than these guys and
crime makes more sense with people with
less money. Yeah. Yeah. So when you see
for example in South Africa now it's not
in the west per se but a lot in South
Africa a lot of the Indian communities
are very rich wealthy they're very very
wealthy and they're Muslim Indian
communities and you know once again so
why is it that we don't find this is not
if this is meant to be the causation
because they're trying to say that the
cause is Islam the cause is your the
color of your skin. If that's meant to
be the causation then you should have a
consistent principle. So wherever you
find these people you should find the
problems. That's right. Do you know what
I mean? But I feel like that's this is
the misguided analysis. The colonialism.
You can't have colonialism for like 100
years, 200 years. Get this done. And
then that's it. Okay, we don't need you
anymore. Like a prostitute. Basically,
sorry to say like exactly like a pro.
You come into the country. Okay, you've
cleaned up the streets, you've built the
buildings, now leave. It's not going to
work like that. And so because the
constitution of these countries allows
these people to be citizens, the far
right now has to get real because we're
not leaving. We're not going to be
relinquishing our citizenships. That's
the truth. that you know four million
people in Britain are not going to
leave. X amount of million people in
other parts of 30 million in the
European Union are not going to leave.
It's not going to happen unless they
fundamentally change their
constitutions. So now we have to just
have a mature conversation say since
we're not leaving we understand that
you've got these issues with immigrants
and it's to do with this and we know the
cause is more likely to be
socioeconomics. So how do we solve the
issue? So we come together we speak
about things in a productive manner. If
we said we need to get rid of the
immigrants or blame the immigrants or
this and that is it conducive we found
it's not conducive in the same way as
like for example we just talk about
Andrew Tate we're saying that is it
really conducive to push him away push
him away okay it's not really conducive
but in the same psychological way it's
not really conducive for us to say oh
the immigrants immigrants blaming keep
blaming the immigrants as they're a
scapegoat what I'm trying to say so
there's there's a middle ground that we
we need to I just try to get like
people's take cuz I see it a lot and I
don't I can't really comment cuz I'm not
there it's just people but I think you
come to London sometimes. Yeah, I come.
But like I'm in the suburbs and I just
drive around. But London is always the
same to me. London is like a tourist
attraction. Let's be honest. Central
London is just it's the GCC. If it
wasn't for the GCC, London would be
dead.
Central London. That
spending it would be collapsed if it
wasn't for their investment and stuff
finished. Believe me. And the Russians
as well. You got to give it to them. Of
course. But they I'm sure they give
sanctions to Russians now, Chinese.
Yeah, I've seen. So they have to thank
them otherwise literally it would be
pound chopped everywhere. Let's not lie.
Like they say this and uh what's funny
when they blame Muslims is whatever
they're trying to blame for us our Quran
is specifically against what they're
trying to say. Exactly. It's like
grooming gangs this that like and the
funny thing is we're not saying shar but
if you had that Islamic kind of like UK
has gone so bad with crime forget I'm
not talking about immigration crime. The
only way to save it is to bring
literally Saddam Hussein
or tell but that's the only way public
hangings or trust me there's people do
not cuz you know and I know cuz we we
grew up in the in in the hood basically
we saw these guys these guys don't don't
believe in the best rehabilitation is
punishment. Yeah, you can bring this guy
that stole something. Going to play Paul
in a prison. Do Weights have their
Snapchat. They don't care. They're going
to get more street cred, write a crap
rap song, release it on Spotify. They
don't care. Bring Saddam. Bring Taliban
style punishment publicly. Believe me,
they'll change. You won't need police.
There's no police driving around the
streets here. You will never see police.
Just traffic. You'll never see police.
Why? Yeah. Leave anything. No one's
going to see. No one's watching. There's
no CCTV. Mhm. But no one's going to
steal anything. Why? Cuz FO. Mhm. F
around and find out. See the
consequences. People know. Yeah. You
know what can happen. So you're like,
I'm not going to do that. There's
nothing like that in the UK. And these
rightwing, oh, we're going to do that.
What they going to do with it? Like what
are they going to do? But the majority
of them, we we love England. They're all
pissing about next to the landmarks.
They're drunk pissing. The way they
behave. When I see these protests,
they're just it's embarrassing. Yeah.
You see them? Yeah, there's like guys
who can't even speak the English
language taking care of jobs, you know,
like it's just it's unfortunate, but I
honestly believe X blows it up. It's a
minority. Like when I go, everyone gets
on. Majority of English people are very
good people. Since I was born there, you
could literally pray anywhere you want.
Ramadan there respects whatever you want
to do. And let's be honest, it's very
it's probably the most free country on
earth if to say what you want to say and
do what you want to. Let's be honest in
UK. UK. Yeah, it's one of Yeah. You can
say anything. Speak. You can say and do
what you want. You could do a jam in
southern high street. No one's going to
say anything. You might get a few girls
go get out. But I've seen it all. You
can't even do that. So other countries.
So have you been to other have you been
around like what what cities have you
enjoyed in where? Around the world in
general apart from Dubai. I'm not going
to lie. Everyone's going to hate me. I
love the US. Just why? Cuz every state's
different. Which part of the US did you
like the most? I like the US because as
a kid watching Hollywood, watching
movies, I like to see these big roads. I
like the scenery in LA, California. I
know it's the general, there was a lot
of homosexuality. I just felt sick at
one point, but Malibu and Laguna Beach.
Then I liked New York's hustle and
bustle just, you know, I just like the
way just different
cultures, Orlando, Miami, it's all
right, but for me it's like a it's a
teu.com of uh Dubai, you know. Mhm. But
I want to do Asia now. I want to see
Asia. Yeah. I want to see Far East. I
want to see Asia. I really want to see
China, Japan. I want to see places I've
never been. Thailand. But I love states.
I love Europe. I want to see I like to
embrace everything. I like to see the
cultures of a country when I go, you
know? I want to see how they live. I
don't want to go Thailand and go Puket.
I want to go Bangkok. I want to see
real. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I want to
see Beijing. I want to see the real
stuff. So that's I like to see how
cultures go. I don't want to go to a
place and go to a hotel where all
English are. I don't like that. Mhm. Uh
I was in Paris lately. The French are
the worst. The just so rude. If you
speak English and you don't even try,
they don't like it. They don't want to
make an effort. They know they can
speak. They're like, "Well, they don't
get I swear they're so rude. It's and
it's the pure French." Yeah. It's not
the Algerians and the black French and
the wicked. It's just I don't know.
They've got this chip on their shoulder.
The English are always welcome. The
French are But the Americans are very
friendly, too. Let's be honest. Yeah.
talk to. They're very loud. Even even in
the southern states, I'll be honest.
Once again, it's I've heard Texas is
amazing. I've never been. Yeah. I've
never been to Texas myself, but I've
been to some of the southern states like
Virginia and stuff like going into the
south. And to be fair, once again, there
you some of the perceptions that we have
about racism and stuff. It's not true.
No, it's not. Um I saw I went to Moscow
many times. I like rightwing they beat
on Muslims. I literally I came to the
Red Square and all I heard wasam big.
There's a lot of them. Yeah, there's a
lot of Dagistanis and I'm like no one.
It was amazing. Moscow is one of the
most beautiful cities I've ever seen.
It's an amazing place and
so many Muslims. Like the Juma there
literally shut down roads. There's like
I think four mosques only in Moscow.
Moscow is huge. Literally you were like
4 500,000 people in this one m on the
street and it was freezing like minus
25. But um yeah, I just like to see
things. The older you get when you're
younger it's different. But when I I
just like to explore and see places.
What are your main and maybe we'll end
with this been a fantastic and like very
fruitful conversation between me and
you. We're going to do more of these in
come to London and bring you back in
touch with what they're kind of doing
the streets. But I was going to say like
in you've done a fantastic job here
creating what you've created in terms of
your businesses and your teams, your MMA
teams and the coaching. What are your
objectives and what are your goals for
the next couple of years? Honestly, I
got to a point where I don't set targets
and goals. I just want to see myself
live long enough to see my daughters
married and with good husbands and
that's my goal, highest goals. I used to
be that point and go I don't
everything's I honestly got to age the
last few years where I've realizing I've
lost many friends from diseases seen
many people pass a friend of my sisters
lately and I realized a cousin of mine
two weeks ago he had a brain anorism he
was 30 it was I used to look after him
and subh
you forget with this like tomorrow's
never granted we do not know I could
have a heart attack on the lift down you
know and what is it like you know when
you're sick and you've got an injury
you've got a bad time. You truly know
what life's about. Then you do not care
what car,
watch, you can have four supermodel,
whatever. You do not give a crap because
it it's nothing to you. I swear the more
content just to make sure in I'm ready
when I'm gone that Allah's happy with
me. don't for my all my family are good
and just my daughter to raise them the
right because societyy's so dirty now
and I've got two girls whether Allah
gave me that as a test or a punishment
to test me two daughters it's like it's
a famous hadith if you you've got two
daughters and stuff like and you look
responsibility it makes you a better man
because you realize I'm a man and I know
how degenerate men can be I've been that
I've been stupid and the how it is worse
now with the touch of a button um you
have to that's my goal So in government
I really because and it sounds corny.
I'm nothing but you want to build I feel
like the more status you get or more
money it's more issues. I truly I miss
those days of no stress headache, no
social media, it's addiction. But then
it helps business and it helps and you
have to survive. You have to pay bills.
But honestly like uh just to try my best
and better myself. I still have flaws. I
have tempers. I make many mistakes. I
know my gym's mixed. I try to push this
on. Music's pumping but step by step you
take time but at the same time just to
be content and I want every for my kids
my family and to be healthy to see them
prosper but tomorrow never comes. So I
really I don't I've achieved everything
goals these kind of like dunya goals I
really wanted. I don't really care for
anything. I've ticked all the boxes. I
truly believe we we're in a society
where anything's possible. We're all the
same. Everyone can achieve what they
want. Alhamdulillah. If you really want
to, you can do it. But life's too short
and we've all been there. You've
probably had it. Negativity. You're
never going to make it. Just don't take
things serious. I've been there and
there. And that's when you realize, bro,
you can't let it get to you. And it
does. It's still you have to remind
yourself if am I a true believer? If I
really truly believe in RZ, why am I
stressing? Then I don't. I get into
those points. My brother go friends to
me, close brother, bro, it's Rizik,
isn't it? So what you said, yeah, you're
right. I said, why you, you know, why
are you chasing it? If it's not going to
be, it's not going to be, it's going to
be. Then I think, oh, yeah, you're
right. I'm doubting. Am I doubting Allah
now? Like, you know, so what's going to
be just I honestly, and it sounds corny,
just whatever you enjoy, do as long as
the Islam and with passion. Don't do
what chase money, you'll never have
because it doesn't mean anything. I
swear the older you get, bro, tomorrow
never comes. And the older I'm getting,
I'm realizing I'm in my last shift. If I
I'm 44 now this is the last shift of my
kind of age you know like when I was
younger when you saw 40 he's an old man
I'm 44 now 60 years I'm 50 if I reach
that in so yeah you got to see like you
know we got fantastic show but you got
to see like we don't know what's coming
and uh do we want to leave like that you
know so let's just what it is bro like
you know I have we have to bet ourselves
it's life too short that's why I always
used to say to you in this sham season
and all these guys bro what do we need
this and all these other guys. And I saw
Sham the other day, man. I know each
other love that, brother. I know you're
sick and you you call
me. We have to stop all that. And you
all have to like you guys making these
videos against I hate it. I see you Ali
and SP this stuff has to stop. Like you
know it does. It does. You guys you guys
have messages. You guys have so much
knowledge on things. I don't have like
use it in a way where we for other
bigger problems. I met him the other day
and we we shook hands and we were
laughing at each other like nothing
happened cuz I think on a personal level
like we both can see the sincerity in
each other in a way we both come from
similar backgrounds at the end of the
day. We have to have a discussion next
where everyone's on one table and it'll
just be good. You know, unity is
important, bro. And uh Yeah, I agree,
bro. I think like I say, people realize
when they're sick or going through a
very big hardship, what really matters
and that's when you realize what's so
important. You don't care about anything
else. When you go through hardships when
you're sick and people need to wake up
to that, like, you know,
so we're blessed. We're sitting here,
beautiful view outside. who's trained
with the
Hulk. We'll get this footage out for
him. Um, travel. We're blessed, bro.
Some people don't have it. We got an
option. We can do what we want. Like,
you know, alhamdulillah, we go around,
see, we travel, we see people, we do
content. This is a blessing, bro. Look
at Gaza, bro. Look at people suffering.
They have nothing. Mhm. We have no
complaints. Whether we have money or
not, it doesn't matter. We're so
blessed. Alhamdulillah. So, we have to
just uh keep
grounded, bro. On that beautiful note,
you guys uh have witnessed very
fantastic and long. I'm sure they're
going to want more. They're going to
want more. And inshallah, we'll have
more when Tam comes over to London and
we host him. Try and be as generous to
him as he's been to us. Put in the
comments, guys, if you love to see sit
down with brother Shamsi Mohamad. We'll
get I'm for it. All the brothers. No,
not discuss. It's a nice discussion. I
we have to do this because it's very
important. I agree with you and I agree
with it. So if if it happens that it
happens, I'm I'm going to be there.
[Laughter]
Thank you so much, bro.